Let me show you the code.
Here is that interview trap about Mechanism 2: Transactional Producer I mentioned.
And here's the same logic in Java.
Here's a TransactionalProducer class in java that handles data serialization Now you will never fall for it.
Here's a TransactionalProducer class in java that handles data serialization.
The TransactionalProducer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.* module.
Now we insert the key-value pair into our map.
Here we insert the key-value pair into our map.
At this point, we call producer.beginTransaction() to process our data.
This is where we call err.println() to process our data.
we call producer.close() to process our data.